Initial Questions:
1. Provided the library will grow beyond 1000 parts, should it be split already at setup?
    Lineartech_Power (all power, LDO, Switcher, input protection, etc.)
    Lineartech_Mixed (mixed signal, ADCs, DACs, interfaces, etc.)
    Lineartech_Signal (pure analog signal conditioning, OpAmps, comps, references, etc.)
    Lineartech_RF (mixers, modulators, demods, etc.)
    Lineartech_Other (anything not in above ones)
2. Which library name complies to the nomentclature?
    LTC_power, LTC_Power, Lineartech_Power - which is preferred?
3. Should device name, reference and footprint fields be also placed on 0.1inch grid?
4. Pin names shall never overlap.
    If the footprint field in the center overlaps with pin names - 
        a. move footprint field out of center to a non overlapping position
        b. enlarge the symbol outline
        c. the footprint field may overlap pin names (since it can be re-positioned in the schematic)
    I'd go for first a. then c.
5. Under wich conditions are the field locations in the symbols de-referenced in the schematic?
6. What is your opinion on the multi-part OpAmp devices?


Rules:
1. Pin Modes:
    a. VIN, VDD, GND, SGND, PGND get the mode "power input"
    b. Power good outputs are typically open drain, i.e. get mode "open collector"
    c. Pins like REF, INTVCC, BYP, ADJ can often be used as outputs, or get a bypass cap or may be
       even overridden (e.g. REF) - they get mode "passive"
    d. Switch nodes of DC/DC regulators are not power outputs
    e. LDO outputs though get the mode "power output"
2. Document link
    The link shall reference the product page and not the datasheet PDF. The PDF name is subject to
    change, if a new datasheet version is released.
3. Exposed Pad
    A device with an exposed pad, shall get a visual indicator
4. Device Name
    The device name shall include a package reference (although there is already a footprint field)
    I have DFN-8-1EP with different sizes for a device (DD and DCB suffix)
5. Field Alignment
    a. Device name field and reference field shall be left aligned
    b. Footprint field shall be center aligned
6. Aliases
    a. Different temp grades shall not be aliased
    b. Pin compatible devices with same functionality but different part numbers shall be aliased
    c. OpAmps often share a 'standard pinout' - shall be aliased from a generic OpAmp

A vendor specific footprint library Housings_Lineartech shall be added for vendor specific footprints
(like LT8641, µModules, etc.)
